Alicia!
Gill?
You've gotten taller.
I didn't recognize you.
Uh... yeah...
What is it?
Um... It's just been so long,
I don't know what to say.
I feel the same way, Gill.
But, let me see...
First, let's head over to Roana!
O-Okay.
Huh?!
Hey, are you sure you don't
want to go back home first?
Everyone there's dying to see
you and know you're doing okay.
I want to get to the village
as soon as possible.
Well, the way the village is now,
it should be okay to visit
at this time of day...
But why are you in such a hurry?
I finally learned what I needed.
It's my first visit to Roana in two years!
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
The Villainess and the Return
This... is Roana?
Amazing, isn't it?
All the villagers have
been working together,
with Rebecca at their center,
and it's come this far.
It has a completely different feel
compared to when I was last here.
So, you're Alicia?
Nate.
He's working as the village's guard.
You know about me?
Yeah. Rebecca filled me in.
You're the reason this village has
improved so much, aren't you?
I didn't have to watch any kids
starve to death this year.
I'm grateful for that.
But still...
Frankly, I don't trust you.
That's only natural.
I'd be more concerned if you
just blindly trusted me.
We heard nothing from you for so long,
and now suddenly you're here?
What are you after?
If you're here to toy with Rebecca and
everyone else as some kind of noble's game...
Nate! I told you why Alicia
didn't come back earlier!
All right. I understand.
Draw your sword. We'll have a test of skill.
Huh? Why should I do that?
You can't judge me because you
don't know me well enough, right?
I don't know you, either.
Seeing what you can do is
the best way to find out.
I haven't sunk so low that I have to
beat up a weak-looking girl like you.
Oh?
If you're not confident in your skills,
we can compete in some other way.
You think you can mock me?
Don't blame me when you get hurt!
There seems to be some kind
of commotion going on.
Hey! What's going on?!
Alicia!
He says he can't trust me,
so I showed him which one of us is stronger.
I can't believe it! How could Nate lose?
I know! It was magic!
The bitch must have cheated!
Shut up!
Her talent is the real deal.
She didn't use any magic.
Let me tell you why I won.
It's because I'm the daughter of a nobleman.
What?
I can spend all day doing
nothing but training
because everything I need
in life is provided for me.
I can even learn from my older
brothers, who are skilled swordsmen.
Had you learned swordsmanship in
the same circumstances as I have,
the outcome might have been very different.
What does any of that matter?!
Are you being snide on purpose?!
I'm suggesting that you use me.
If I'm just a noble putting
on a charitable front,
why not use me to your advantage?
Show me that you have at
least that much backbone.
Rebecca is important to you, isn't she?
A-Alicia!
My goodness.
I see you're as reckless as ever, Alicia.
Grandpa Will!
It's been a long time.
Grandpa, I've acquired dark
magic up to level 91!
Well, that is quite an achievement.
That's why I came here
in such a hurry today.
Ra, ra, rah...
Vatahk des sikzhar.
Vamiit fahvendon zeila.
That's the ancient language of Durkis!
The door to darkness is now open.
Spun, fastened, connected,
the contract is now forged in
the name of Alicia Williams.
Stop this, Alicia...
Anfang finistenis!
What just...
What the hell are you doing?!
A spell that transfers a part
of my body to another's.
I can see... My eyes...
Alicia! Do you have any
idea what you've done?!
Yes. I transplanted one of my eyes into you.
I never asked you to—
I realize that.
I realize that you would never
ask someone to give you an eye.
But I wanted you to be able to see.
Alicia...
Grandpa...
Gill! So that's what you look like!
Yeah.
I can see all the villagers' faces...
You're welcome to praise me a little.
I worked hard to learn the ancient
language just for this spell.
Yes...
Honestly, what a curious villainess you are.
Is your eye okay?
Yes... It feels a bit strange,
but it doesn't hurt.
Magic sure is something.
I see...
But won't everyone worry when
they learn you've lost an eye?
Especially your father.
He's been so worried about
you these past two years.
Yes, he does tend to be
rather overprotective.
What if he starts crying on me?
Father?!
A-Alicia's... eye...
This is way worse than crying.
H-H-H-How in the world did this happen?!
Did you have some kind of
accident while training?!
It wasn't an accident.
I gave someone else my eye
just now, of my own will.
Father?!
I knew you were the kind of
child who never listens,
but I never imagined you'd
come home missing an eye...
I suppose I'm not the good little
rich girl that you wanted me to be.
Then couldn't you be a bit more...
I know I'm not a dutiful daughter,
but I'm going to continue to live
the life I feel is right for me.
That's the one thing I won't compromise on.
Nor will I ever compromise
on my concern for you,
no matter how much it may annoy you.
I'm your father, after all.
Father...
Congratulations on acquiring
magic surpassing level 90.
You've worked hard these past two years.
I'm a man of my word.
You may continue to act
as Liz Cather's watcher.
Alicia, here.
What's this?
I thought you should have
something to cover your eye,
so I made this.
You're very good with
your hands, aren't you?
Okay!
Now that I have this eyepatch, I'll
come up with an outfit to match it!
Huh? An outfit? What kind?
Isn't it obvious?
I'm going back to the academy
after two years away.
They'll be audience to
the return of a villainess!
Say, is she...
Don't tell me, after all this time...
Alicia Williams?!
A good day to you, ladies.
Here's your savior again!
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
Oh, I get to continue from
last week? That's rar—
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
If I were to marry Miss Liz, which
one of us would be the husband?
Probably me!
Alicia, you're... pretty conspicuous.
Just what I wanted.
The return of a villainess needs
a good visual presentation, too.
Miss Alicia.
I thought you wouldn't be
coming back to school.
Who are you?
Hmph! I have no business with a commoner.
I dont know why you're here,
but wouldn't it be best for you
to leave this school right now?
I'll be returning to the
academy as of next week.
I've come today to pay my respects.
You're one of Liz's more ardent
companions, aren't you?
Well, well. I'm impressed you knew that.
I sense obvious hostility from her.
It makes the most sense to assume
she's one of Liz's followers.
You seem to have unilaterally
designated Miss Liz as your rival,
but I suggest you recognize
your own shallowness,
before you embarrass yourself any further.
Oh, dear! Just what is it about me
that you've deemed shallow?
Just one glimpse of that garish outfit
you're wearing makes it painfully clear.
You're nothing like Miss Liz.
Who the hell would want
to be like Liz Cather?
Miss Liz never prioritizes
outer appearances.
She looks at who everyone is on
the inside, equally and fairly.
You're no match for her at all.
What's inside is more important
than what's outside.
That's an admirable statement
befitting of Liz.
However, the reality is that most people
judge others based on their looks.
In fact, you yourself just criticized me
based on my appearance, did you not?
Th-That was...
because your filthy inner self
was showing on the outside!
Your hair is quite unkempt
and full of split ends.
And wearing your skirt at that
length makes your legs look fat.
Your ribbon is slightly crooked, as well.
It's as if your slovenly inner
self is showing on the outside!
H-How rude could you possibly be?!
I don't feel any need
to keep up appearances!
Miss Liz said that I'm perfectly
lovely just the way I am!
Hmm... How strange.
Why do you wear your hair so that
it unnaturally covers your eyes?
Why not present yourself with confidence?
Liz never said that your
freckles were lovely.
This bitch...
Jane?
What's the matter?
Miss Liz!
Alicia, dear!
She was just insulting my appearance!
It was awful!
You are a lovely girl, Jane.
I guarantee that.
How nice to see you again, Liz.
It's been two years, hasn't it?
There's a lot I'd like to talk about,
but for now, can you tell me
what happened with Jane?
Miss Liz! You don't believe me?
Of course I do. But I haven't
heard Alicia's side yet.
It was exactly as she said!
I simply pointed out how
shameful her appearance was.
You are aware that I am an
unscrupulous woman, are you not?
That doesn't matter.
Even if you were, it wouldn't be a reason not to
listen to your explanation of this event.
I want to look into the eyes of those
involved before I pass judgment.
Do you remember what happened two years ago?
I restrained you because of
my own preconceived notion.
You stopped coming to school
after that, didn't you?
If I'd made more of an effort
to meet you where you were...
Oh, please. I didn't stop coming
to school because I felt hurt.
I don't need your sympathy.
It's not sympathy. I regret it!
It's only an excuse,
but I knew at the time
that you would be fine.
Because I believed that I would save you.
I'd made up my mind that I was going to.
Ever since I was little,
I've been a very lucky girl.
Everything I believed would
happen always came to be,
and it made everyone happy.
Thank you, Liz!
Thanks, Liz!
Thank you, Miss Liz!
I'm certain that I have a duty
to make people happy.
Maybe when you've lived
the opportunist heroine's life,
you gain an awareness of
your own peculiarities.
I hope to be someone who
can save everyone someday.
I'll save you, too, of course!
So please, believe in me.
If you do that, I'm sure
we'll have a happy ending!
That's right! Let's believe in Miss Liz!
This is stupid.
Maybe things have just happened
to work out for you thus far,
but you can't be certain
that they always will.
Well... true, but...
Besides...
you hate me, don't you?
Two years ago, when you saw me
facing off with that ruffian,
you immediately restrained me—and only me.
Given your talents, I'm sure you were
capable of restraining us both at once.
Th-That's...
There was most certainly
malice behind that.
Frankly, I was surprised.
That's not true!
I wouldn't... The Saint wouldn't
harbor such feelings!
Miss Liz... What did you just...
Looks like she didn't realize it, but...
Would it make you happy
if I were the bad guy?
The opposite.
If you're a good girl, I want you
to take being good seriously.
All you did was spew lip service
while never taking any specific action,
but you managed a happy ending
in true opportunist style.
That always irritated me.
If you've realized everything
just somehow works out for you,
have you tested the range
and certainty of that effect?
You said you want to save everyone someday,
but do you have any kind of plan?
W-Well...
If you're going to preach your ideals,
be serious about them, and take
initiative to see them through.
M-Miss Liz, are you all right?
Alicia Williams!
What have you done to Miss Liz?!
I merely informed her that
I don't want her to save me.
Rather than being kept
alive at another's mercy,
my ideal is to stay true to myself,
even if I die hated by everyone.
Now, good day to you.
Hey, Master...
Mel? What is it?
Well, you see, things are playing
out in a way I didn't quite expect.
Listen up and try not to be shocked, okay?
You surprised me.
At your academic level, you could be placed
in the highest grade and do just fine.
Thank you, Mr. John!
You have learned well, indeed.
Both you, Alicia, and you, her attendant.
Th-Thank you!
Given your academic level, I can't
believe you're only eleven.
The Williams household must have
a fine tutor in their employ.
No, he's done almost all of
his studying independently.
Is that so?
Yes. He just keeps learning all on his own.
I'm eager to see what his future holds.
Well, now...
It's a real shame he's a commoner.
He could achieve so much if he had magic.
That said, classes in the highest grade
at this academy are very advanced.
If you ever have any trouble,
come talk to me at any time.
Hey, Alicia...
Is it true that there are limits to
what commoners can do, after all?
That is how things are currently.
Noble = Can Use Magic
This kingdom is an aristocracy.
Since commoners can't use magic,
they're often turned away on sight from
any educational or career opportunities.
And it's not as if all jobs
require magic, either.
It's so inefficient!
Well, I guess just being a noble
guarantees that you've
received a good education,
so maybe no one feels the need to
employ anyone who isn't a noble.
That's the problem.
We need to start by doing
something about the aristocracy.
What is this?!
Prince Duke?!
Prince Duke is... angry?
What is this eyepatch for?!
Ow!
That's how you greet me after two years?
I'd thank you to not appear out of nowhere
with magic and try to intimidate me!
I heard you gave your eye to someone else.
Why would you do that?!
It's no concern of yours.
No concern of mine?!
Do you have any idea how I've felt
watching over you all these years?!
Prince Duke is angry...
no, he's sad?
What do I do? I have to say something!
I know you've been playing out some
villainess role for fun since you were little.
If it's what you truly want...
I...
Y-You're bothering me.
I don't remember ever asking
you to watch over me!
Don't force that on me!
No... This isn't right.
This isn't what I want to say at all!
Sorry.
I'll go and cool my head.
I messed up...
That wasn't like you. What's going on?
I felt like I had to say something...
I mean, that's pretty
villainess-like, isn't it?
Making an enemy of the prince!
I'm slowly but steadily leveling up!
Is that what your idea of a villainess is?
If it is, that's lame.
Having disputes with my rivals and
ending up insulting them is fine.
But...
trampling all over the heart of someone
who genuinely worries about me is wrong.
And that's exactly what I just did.
I was absolute scum.
When he looks at me with those eyes,
my head goes white, as if my
blood's just started boiling.
I didn't want to put that
expression on his face.
Why doesn't anything ever
go right with Prince Duke?
What a clumsy villainess.